All right. Okay, so we are going to strip the spaces first, and you can also see you have a single course right here. That means by default, each value will be treated as a string. So we are going to use the int, the type casting or type conversion, and convert the string 30 into integer 30 for the first element and so on and so forth. Okay. All right. So if we like to, okay, so you can do this. Sometimes it's possible you need to write data out into a text file. So in that case, we can use, open again, your new data file name, okay? And we're going to have the write permission this time, okay? And we'll just use the file handle. Okay, there's a file handle, F out, and with the method name called write. So let's do this. All right. So now I have written these five integers into this sample output.txt. Okay? All right. And of course, everything written into the text file will be a string value, so to speak. So we are converting the string value, converting the integer value back to string value, and then write into the text file. Let's pull out the file which is generated. If you already have the same file name there, they're going to wipe out the existing contents and put everything new into that same file name, so to speak. Okay? So let me show you the sample out. Okay, so this is the output file we just created. Okay? All right. Okay, I think we are almost done. And a last thing is we showed you a few sorted function or we sorted a few lists earlier. And sometimes we may not need to use the sort directly, right away, so to speak. It's because it's possible that we would like to keep the original order, so to speak, right? So, for instance, if I have an L that's equal to 6, 2, 11, and 15, if I just use the sort, L.sort, and then you will lose the original order, right? So if we just do sort, then 2 will be the first, and we will never know 6 was the first before. So in order to keep the original order, and we're usually going to have a second copy, okay? So let me demonstrate this first, okay? Say this is L, and then I have another M list with the same contents, if you will. Okay? So if we print L, and we print M, right? Okay? So they are the same, basically. Now, in case, supposing that I am going to sort L, okay? But I don't want to change the order of M. So I can sort, I want to sort L, right? I don't make it a 2, 5, 6, 11. But the M, I want them to be the same, like 6, 2, 11. But because I assign M equal to L, so once I sort L, okay? So let's print L now, okay? So L is 2, 5. But if you print M, you will notice that M got sorted too, right, which I don't want this. I want to sort L, but I want to maintain M like the original order, so to speak. So in this case, we should create a different copy. In Python, this is referred as a deep copy, okay? So a separate copy, if you will, right? So we're going to import our copy module first, and L equal to this 6, 2, 11, 5. And then M is a deep copy of L, or a separate copy, or M has his own separate data storage, okay, in this case. So let's print both of them first, okay? So they look identical at the moment, even though they are two separate copies, right? So you're going to apply sort after that, all right? So you are going to print L now, okay? So it's, you know, the ascending order, so to speak. So now if we print M, okay, so M is untouched, right? So that's why whenever you need to maintain the original order, okay, you need to do sorting, but you also need to maintain the original order. And then a separate copy or a deep copy is needed. So that's how you can do the trick, okay? Okay, so I think this is what we need to know about the basic feature of Python. So please do follow this and practice your own data. And then if you have questions, please contact us. Thank you.