Equal operator as well. So is single not equal to true so that the statement is true, right? Or this is equal to say single equal to false. Alright, this is also true. OK, alright. Alright, so we can combine this with if statement, right? So so this is for the logical comparison. We say if single is equal to true. OK, so let's say print. I am single, right? OK. OK, alright. So right, so this single is for is false. So this statement is not true. So this will not print. It will not be printed. Then of course we can combine this with an else statement. So can repeat this. I am single. I'm sorry. OK, alright. So now we have an else statement. So don't forget the colon. OK, so say. I am not single. OK. OK, so I'm not single. So you have two conditions, right? So true or false. Then you can use if else. If you have three conditions, then you can use if L live in else. OK, right. You can compare strings. So let me just do a copy and paste. This is in the simple file that you can. Find out so we have two strings S equal to S1 equal to. Bear S2 equal to beer, right? So when I see if they are the same or not. OK. So we are comparing two strings and they are not equal to each other. So will be the L statement. So this else is the statement that we are going to execute. This print statement. OK. As cute. Alright. So we can do numerical operators. So let's do. Let's one more. So in Python is case sensitive, basically. So this is. So we're going to see if capital J is equal to lowercase John or not, right? And then because it's case sensitive, so our big J John and small J John is different, right? Alright, so let's have a quick. Demonstration about the numerical operations between numerical values. So we have a two numerical values to integers X equal to 10, Y equal to Y. X equal to 10, Y equal to 3. Sorry, so let's print this. Demonstrate the addition operator subtraction modification. And division and module or remainder operators, so to speak. OK, so let's run this. So this is very simple, right? Run. Our function is useful if we have a float number and that has many digits after the point. We can try to just force it to be say in two with two digits after the point. In this case, right? OK. Alright, and the remainder operator. Basically we're going to say 10 divided by three and whatever remains will be printed. In this case will be one. Alright. So the next demonstration is the if, elif and else statement. Oh, actually three conditions, basically, right? So we have X equal to 10, Y equal to 15. So we're going to compare if Y X is greater than Y or Y is greater than X or they are equal to each other. OK, so let's run this. So obviously X is larger than Y. So we can change this, right? So let's say let's make X equal to 20, right? So now X is larger, of course, right? So if we make them both 20s, right? So X, Y are equal, right? So if else if and then this are commonly used in comparisons. OK. OK, let's show some data structures. So we have a, we have a list of integers L equal to 67214. And then, of course, we can print out. OK. And usually we also are interested in the size of L. OK. OK, all right. And you can access each element, right? So we can use, for instance, this show one single element access first. Let's say again, you can use print, say the first element of L. OK. Sometimes I got lazy. I just type L and the index zero. And this will print X. OK. And the last element, of course, you can do L. Sorry, so it's a length of L minus one. OK, so keep in mind, because our index starts from zero. So length of L is five, actually. So L5 is an error, so to speak. Right. So make sure minus one subtract one so that your position four value are retrieved. OK. Choose four. OK. And then since the size of L is fixed, so a lot of time we will use four loops. OK.