the for loop to traverse the list. And there are two ways to do this. First, we can use, let's say it's the range, right? So for i in range, so the size of L. So I gonna start from zero, one, two, until less minus one, right? So I gonna print L of i. Okay, all right, so I can print everything. And sometimes you can also traverse the list or even something called collection by using this advanced for loop. We're gonna say for x in L, okay? So in this way, they're gonna traverse L in sequence, so to speak. And we're gonna just print x. So if you don't need to use the index, you can use this advanced for loop. It's the same thing, basically, okay? Okay, let's see, a lot of time you need to do the sorting. So we can do the sort, okay? All right, so we print L. So now L is sorted, okay? If we need to put them into descending order, so what you need to do is specify the parameter reverse equal to true. So in some languages, or sometimes you use ascending, descending, and this is a way to do it. And a different way to do it is just use the reverse operator, okay? All right, so this is the reverse. Okay, we can also sort strings, basically, actually. So you can do, say, this is a list of strings, okay? And then, let's say, let's print the list first, okay? All right, so we can sort this. And basically, you will sort the string according to the lexical order, or alphabetical order, if you will. So let's do this. Okay, so if we print S, L now, then you see Apple got to be the first, of course, right? Okay. Earlier in the slides, we mentioned that we can put a list within a list to create a so-called multidimensional list. So in this case, we have a list that has three lists within, okay? And they are not in equal sizes also. So this, so if we, let's print this. Two first. Okay, so we have three lists. Now, if you want to iterate each element in each list, we can use two for loops, actually, right? So the first for loop is going to list every element in the list, okay? Now, each element itself is a list, so we are going to use the second for loop in X, okay? And then we are going to print Y, okay? Now, to avoid, let's show, let's print another line, if you will, okay? So we know the first, the inner for loop, okay? So this is called inner for loop. This is outer for loop. So the outer for loop has three elements, right? One, two, three. And the inner element, inner for loop, the element, okay, so depends on the size of each individual element, right? So the first element has three elements, three integers. The second actually has four, right? And the third has only two, okay? So if we run this, all right, so you see, again, the inner for loop got executed first, right? So two, 23, three, one, and then four integers, 645, 25, and 21, four, three, five, right? So again, two-dimensional list, two for loops, one outer, one inner, it's very useful to access each element. So for the same reason, if you have a three-dimensional list, you can have three, four loops to get to each element of the list, right, okay? All right, so, let's have a few functions. Let's see, okay, let's do this. So let's define a function. So def is definition, and the name of the function, and there's the parameter. I have only one parameter, and basically, I'm going to summarize everything in a list. So let's assume the list will contain numerical values, and then we are going to add them up, so to speak, right? Okay, so let's do this, all right? So let's, we have an L list first, right? Yeah, we have the list of L, or, I mean, L list, five integers, and let's pass this, my sum equal to L. Usually, you should have a print, but it's okay. So let's just do the print, and my sum of this, okay? All right, so it's 20, right, okay? Okay, and you can, you will see many predefined functions, and then you will see, sometimes you can return more than one value, and as long as you assign two corresponding variables, and you can do that, and a lot of time, you have more than one parameter, which is very common, and then you will have each parameter defined, and the, or.