Hi, let's demonstrate some Python features that will be used in this class. OK, first, pound sign is for documentation, so everything you could add to the pound sign will be ignored by the system or program, meaning it won't do anything. And next is the print command, so allow cs64. So we're going to use print a lot whenever we want to show some data specifically or some computation results, or possibly even some reminders. So now let's show a few things about data types. So first, in Python, if you simply assign a value like 10 to x, so equal sign is the assignment operator. So now this is x, obviously, right? And then we want to know the data type of x, we're going to use the type function. So type is an integer. So type x is an integer. x has become integer once it was assigned to value 10, so to speak. So how about a different data type? Let's say y equal to 0.14159, right? OK, so as you can see, this will make y as a float or floating point number, all right? So we can always print y, obviously. So also in Jupyter, sometimes you can just type the variable name without print, and you'll also show the value. So this is very nice under this web interactive environment. In the regular Python program, you will not put x, because you just put x, it doesn't mean anything. You have to print or do something to the x, so to speak. So here also, if I just type y and run a command, it will show the value. So sometimes it's very convenient, so I'll just skip having to print a value, OK? All right, so in addition to the integer and float, we will use these two data types most. And also the string data type, let's say hello, right? So this will make s a string, right? And again, if you use the double quotation marks, a pair of them, OK, so this will work the same, right? So this type of t is also a string. And of course, we can print the string value, OK, and also print that. For string data, the function we use a lot is to check the size of the string, right? So on the name function, OK, we're going to use the name function a lot in this class, right? Oh, I'm sorry, so x is integer, so it's a good example. So x is an integer here earlier, right? So if you try to check the size of x, you will have an error pop out like this. So basically, what I meant was the size of s, actually, right? OK, and also in our PowerPoint slides, we indicated s. You can also, let's print this again, right? So once you assign a value to a string s, and you can actually access each character of this using a list structure, actually. So s equal to 10, so let's say print. So we're going to treat s as a list of characters, basically, right? So this is s, OK? And then you can print again, say, the last character, so to speak. OK, we also need to use Boolean variables, meaning Boolean variable equal to, say, true. So say you are single for now, right? So it's true. So we're going to check the data type of single, which is a Boolean variable. And there are two values, right? One would be false, OK? So now we change the value of single from true to false, right? So now I can check, print, say, single. OK, it's false. All right, so single is a Boolean variable, true or false. And then a lot of time we're going to combine this with if or some else if statements to do some logical condition comparison, so to speak, right? OK, we can check the value using equal operator. So let's say single equal to true. So is single equal to true? So in this case, it will be false, right? Because the current value of single is false. And of course, you can use the not equal operator as well. So is single not equal to true?