Hi, next, let's have a quick Jupyter and Pandas review. So if you are using Anaconda, which is encouraged, of course, then Pandas should be there. And Jupyter is also ready. You can do it yourself by installing Python first, and then Jupyter next. It's a very simple installation process. And all examples will be demonstrated under Jupyter. So this is a Jupyter environment under my browser. So if you just click the new, and you will have this new window, nothing, which means that you start from the first cell, so to speak. We also use Pandas a lot in this class to manipulate data, so to speak. So Pandas is a data analysis and manipulation tool written in Python. It's very highly welcomed, very popular among data scientists. If you like to see all the powerful features, then you're welcome to visit pandas.pydata.org. For data structures in Pandas, we are going to use two of them most in this class. One is the series. So it's a one-dimensional array-like object containing an array of data and an associated array of data labels. So basically, it works like a combination of Python list plus Python dictionary. And also data frame is also used a lot in this class. Data frame represents a tabular representation, like a data structure. Basically it looks like a table, so to speak, and each column actually is a series, and each row is also a series. And you will see how we're going to use that soon in the real demo. So again, a series is an ordered dictionary, so that you can create the series with the value and also its index. So basically, you have two lists, if you will. One serves as the contents of this series, and one serves as the keys or index of this series. And a useful method like index values, and you can retrieve each element or access each element by providing the index or use the original integer-like index in the list. So object 2, 2 actually is the third element, which is negative 5 in this case. You can also create a series by supplying a dictionary. So this will be the dictionary, and the keys for the dictionary will be used as labels for the series object. So you can create a data frame by supplying a dictionary data structure like this. But for each key, the value associated with it will have a list of values, so to speak. So then you can see the state is a key, and the values we have are 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. So we have five values in the list, as the whole list is a value for this key. So now we have this data as a dictionary with three key-value pairs, and we supply this dictionary to the data frame constructor, and the data frame will have three columns and five rows. All right, sometimes we may not have the column names defined yet, and then we can do that later, or we can do that when we supply, I'm sorry, supply to the constructor, okay? And we'll have the demonstration in the sample code once you check the sample code, okay? All right, so useful method or properties or values for data frame, .columns, .index, .values. So values basically will be everything in your table, so to speak. Head function is also very commonly used if you have a big, big data frame, right? And then if you just display the whole data frame to the browser, you may not be able to see everything. So a good idea would be just show the first few rows by using the head function, okay? So they will show the first 10 rows. And there's a tail function as well, if you need to see the bottom of your data or the last few elements of your data, you can use that tail as well, okay? All right, so given a series or a data frame in Pandas, we can access a row, a column, an individual cell, or a section of your data frame. And we can use the index method, or a lock method, or the ILOC method. So most of the time, these days, people prefer using ILOC method, and then some conventional or class, slightly older sample code also still have those lock method use, but most of the time, we will see more ILOC in this class, okay? Once you see the sample code, this will be more meaningful, basically. All right, now, if we have a series and data frame already containing data, and sometimes it will be more useful to convert some of the data in these two data structures in a traditional Python list using the series or the toList method, basically, okay? So the series.toList will convert whatever in your series into a list, okay? And sometimes we may need to convert that to a dictionary, okay? So we can use the toDictionary method. So these two, toList and toDictionary, are often used to convert data stored in a Pandas series, or a Pandas data frame into a Python list, or into a Python dictionary, right? All right, a lot of time, our data are stored in the CSV file, and we can just load the CSV file into a Pandas and create a corresponding data frame. So that function is read underscore CSV, okay? And if your data is in a JSON file, you can do the same thing, just use the Pandas.read underscore JSON, spline your JSON file, and you will load the JSON file into a data frame in Pandas, okay? All right, so this is a quick review on using Pandas under Jupyter. And these essential features or functions or methods will be demonstrated in another video with a real-life demo and plus the real usage of data. Thank you. If you have questions about using Pandas under Jupyter, please contact us. Thank you. I will see you in another video.