function. So set1.difference set2. So anything in set1 but not in set2. So the difference. And it's not symmetric, meaning set2.difference set1 will produce different values in this case. So this says show everything in set2 but not in set1 basically. So you can verify the results yourself. So there's another data structure called tuple in Python and tuple is also useful. It's very similar to list but tuple's values cannot be updated. So basically if you need to protect some values or you don't want certain values to be updated during the operation, you can put them into tuples. So for instance, I have tu3, 4, 2, lower or small parentheses to enclose the values. If we try to update, say, the second element into 9, for instance. So watch out. So this is going to create an error because it's a tuple, right? So you cannot change the elements in the tuple. You can always use the type function to verify the data type of this data structure. In this class, sometimes using list or dictionary or tuple or set is not enough. And we often use something called NumPy array from the NumPy package here. So import a NumPy first. Okay. And then let's see if we have l defined. Yes, we do. Okay. So l is a list but we are not going to use the list as a data structure. This time we are going to use a NumPy array so we can convert or create a NumPy array out of the list or use the list as an argument to create a NumPy array. So we're going to say nump.array. Okay. So if you just print a you may not notice any difference. The only difference is probably no commas in between. But if you do the type a and then it's a NumPy array. NumPy array works faster in many numerical computation and also NumPy array guarantee the data in the array they are in the same data type. Not like Python list. It's possible to put say integer and string together in the same list, but not in the NumPy array. Okay. So for instance, if we for instance, this is our l, right? So if we put a string, say a list in our list, this is fine actually, right? Okay. So it has integers in the string, right? But if we try to and put let's say insert a position one and five. Okay. Let's insert a new value five to position one. Okay. Let's see. Okay. So now you see there's a one here. I'm sorry. Insert. Let's see. Insert integer five here. That's correct. Index one, the second element, right? And the five, right? Right. So a was seven, two, one, four, eleven, right? Okay. So from two and follows, everything got pushed to the right or pushed off, right? But if we try to add a different element, an element, not the integer different data type, so to speak, right? And then it's going to be an error. Let's try this. Okay. Let's say we want to add a test to NumPy array A. Right. So it's going to give a bunch of warnings or error messages that you cannot do that. Okay. Okay. Now let's demonstrate some pandas data structures, series, and data frame, so to speak. Okay. So let's import pandas first, and especially we like the series and data frame. All right. And let's also load the data from a CSV file. Okay. So we are going to load t-shirts underscore header CSV into pandas, and this is going to create a data frame directly. Okay. All right. So let me do the type. Okay. Let me open up this t-shirts header CSV for you to verify. It's a small file. Okay. Okay. Screw this a little bit. Okay. So this is a small CSV file. You can see we have four columns, height, weight, color, and size, and we have three rows. Okay. Corresponding values in each cell. Okay. Now, so if we just show the data frame. Okay. So this is a data frame. It looks almost identical to a CSV table, so to speak. So you can see this is very useful for us to load different kinds of values data into the program. All right. So it's data frame this, and then we can check the column names by specify df.columns. Okay. And we can also do the index. Okay. And for now, because we do not have any special labels or indices associated with each column,