Hi, in this demonstration, let's show some useful Python data structures and the basic features of using pandas. So let's create a list first. So again, always use the length function to check the size of the list. So to traverse the list, we can use two kinds of for loops, either use the index. So get a range of the list and just print. So that's how we traverse the list or get to each element of the list. You can also use the so-called enhanced or advanced for loop. So for x in L, so basically you're going to iterate the elements in a list, right? So x in L and simply a print, yes, all right. So we often need to add more element to a list and then the way to do it is use the append, right? So for instance, L append, let's add another element like 11. And I show L. So 11 was appended or added to the end of the list L. If you need to remove something, we can do the pop. So pop and supply the index, which is index zero, the first element in this case. So first element six was removed or popped. So only 7, 2, 1, 4, 11 are left in the list. Quick demonstration of dictionary. All right, so we have a size of four dictionary. And to get to the keys, we simply use dict.keys. And then to get to the values, dict.keys. If we need to traverse the dictionary, we can use a for loop. We can say for k in dict.keys. And then we're going to print k. And let's print the value associated with key k, so dict.key, okay? So if we do this, and then we'll print each pair of the dictionary, okay? We need to, if we need to add a new pair to the dictionary, simply do dict and supply the new key, in this case, the nd, equal to 33, okay? All right, so if we do this, and then, so keep in mind, key values are distinct. So you can never add a new pair with the same key value. If you do a same key value, basically you're going to override the old value, so to speak, okay? All right, so for instance, let's say we want to change the value of Jiang as a key, so let's say 24, okay? So this is not a new pair, this basically just override the value of, change the value from 14 to 24 in this case, okay? All right, so in addition to list and dictionary, set is also a useful data structure in Python, which we're going to use set also quite often in this class. So we have two sets here, set1 and set2, right? We can print both of them to verify the value first, okay, all right. So if we want to find out the common elements between two sets, we can use intersection. So set1 dot intersect, intersection here, set2, okay, all right, 16. And again, you can use the print to print the values, but sometimes I just type the variable in, I just type the operation and the value will be displayed, okay, after running the cell, so to speak, okay? All right, so obviously set2 dot intersection set1 will return the same values, okay? To find out the union of two sets, we can do set1 dot union set2, okay? So notice both sets have 8, right? So 8 is the intersection, also the 6th intersection. But if you union them, each element will only appear once, 8 and 6, right, okay? So sets, they do not contain any duplicates, okay? All right, union, intersection, probably the most common operations for sets. You can find out the difference between two sets, actually, using the difference function. So set1 dot.