All right, many conditions need to be processed using the if, elif, and else statements. If you have only one condition, you can use if. If you have two conditions, you can use if, else. One pair, if else pair. If you have more than two, and then you can insert elif here in the middle. So if a equal, for instance, if a greater than b, a print a is greater than b. Elif, b is greater than a, b is greater than a. So when a and b are equal, so none of this is true, right? So you will get to the last else statement, a and b are equal, okay? And when we apply if else statements, make sure your same level of conditions should be aligned. The same level, which means they're gonna have the same indentation, okay? All right, so for strings, we can have the plus to concatenate two strings. Like say a is equal to hello, b equal to world. So a plus b will be hello world. But you don't want them to show up as only one long string, right? So you wanna have a space in between. So in that case, you are going to concatenate with a space in between. Just add to the plus sign and provide another plus sign afterwards, okay? And c is the hello world, and with an exclamation sign at the end, okay? Length function is very popular in string processing. Basically, it will return to how many characters that string is, okay? So that string has, for instance, like five characters, a. So length of a, size of a will be five. And c is this longer string, a plus space plus b plus exclamation sign. So that will be five plus one, six, plus five, 11, and plus one more. So that will be 12, okay? And we're gonna use functions a lot. So basically, if we want to define our own function, very simple. So the def keyword first and your function name. And then what you're gonna do within the function, okay? And then the pair process is here, gonna define the parameters. And if you don't have anything to pass to the function, you can leave it blank, okay? So for instance, like this. So it will be just high there if you run the function, okay? Now, you wanna pass a name to the function to greet anybody. So that will be dynamic assignment, so to speak. So whatever name you supply to the greeting function will be printed in this function, okay? Now, you can define more than one parameter and pass more than one argument, for instance, okay? In this case, it will be your name and your age, like this. All right, so function age after 10. So I'm gonna pass an integer and I'm gonna return 10 plus. That's the age after 10 years, so to speak, right? Okay, so later we're gonna see, depending on how the function works. And then you'll be able to manipulate those passed values through different logics in your program. All right, sometimes we don't need to define all functions. Many already defined functions are available for us to use. For instance, I'm gonna import the mat package. And then there's the high value or the ceiling function and the square root function. And it can be used directly without inventing or without writing all the functions ourselves. And please do check the documentation for how to use those functions. If we need to repeat certain jobs, we can rely on the for and while loops. And the for loop is if we know definitely the number of repetitions we need, we can use the for loop. And for instance, for i in range 10, and then this will run from i equal to 0 to i equal to 9. So it will run 10 times, so to speak, right? And we don't necessarily need to start from 0 always. We're gonna start from 2 in this case. So in this case, for i equal to range 2, 20, that means starting from 2 and terminates before 20. Which means when i equal to 19, it will stop, okay? Now the third for loop, we have three values here, 2, 20, and 2. And then the last two here indicates what's the increment value for the for loop. Without specifying this value, for instance, like the first for loop and second for loop, the default increment value is 1, of course. Now we have 2 here, that means each time i will be incremented by 2, all right? So sometimes we do not know exactly when to terminate a loop, and we can use the for loop. And you put a condition after the while keyword, and you update this condition within your while loop. And then when that condition is met, the stopping condition, so to speak, the while loop will terminate, okay?