Hi, next, let's have a quick Python review. So the reason we chose Python as our main language in this class is first, it is simple, easy to learn. It's a scripting language, not like Java or C++. And there are also many machine learning and data mining packages available, which we can rely on these useful APIs without reinventing the wheels. And also, Python is great for learning and demonstration through its interactive mode. If you are using Anaconda, Python is obviously available there. And if you don't have any preference, I will strongly recommend you have a local Anaconda installed. If you feel more like manipulating the environment yourself, you can simply install Python first and put a Jupyter Next on top of it, and that will be sufficient for this class. And all our demonstration samples will be demonstrated under Jupyter in a browser environment. So let's have this quick review on almost all the essential Python features that will be used in this class. So first, we're going to use a print a lot, a print basically trying to display data to the screen. You can always verify the Python version using import sys first and print sys.version. In this class, as long as you are using something like above 3.7, then you should be fine. So some basics, first, we are going to use comments a lot. So basically, you would like to provide information to yourself and also to other developers. And those will be documented in the program or in the program and everything after the pound sign will be skipped by the system, which means they will be treated as documentation. As you know, Python is very easy to manipulate data so that you can assign a value to a variable, and then that variable will become the data type you assign to it. So for instance, a equal to five here, and then after the assignment, a is an integer variable. So a B is equal to 3.14159, so obviously a B will be a floating point number or simply a float after the assignment. So in Python, our string variables will be indicated by assign a string value, and it will be enclosed by a pair of single quotes or double quotes. No semicolon needed in Python, not like Java or C++, and also no data type declaration is needed. And sometimes we need to convert between different data types, and we call this as a type casting. So for instance, X equal to 12, if you use the type function, TYPE function, and this will return int, so indicates a variable of X is an int data type. Now we can convert an integer to a string data type by using the string function and the integer value within as an argument passed to this function, and you will convert 1024 integer into 1024 as a string. Int 45.6, and obviously this is going to convert 45.6 into an integer of 45. Float 98, 98 is an integer after the float conversion, and it will become a 98.0. Python has all the arithmetic operators such as plus, minus, multiplication, division, modular, or power, or multiply the same number twice. All the examples we are demonstrating in sample of Python are real demo. Whenever you need to compare two numerical values, we use the following comparison operators, equal to, not equal to, greater than or equal to, less than or less than or equal to. To compare a string value, simply two of them, equal to or not equal to.