The Python list is probably the most useful data structure we are going to use. For instance, a equal to hello is a string, and then the string actually is a list of characters, or a list of letters, if you will. So, a equal to hello is a string, and a zero, index zero, is actually the capital H. So, the length of A is five, and this is zero, so A4 will be the little O here. Now, we use B as a list to store four integers, and then we can use also C as a list to store strings, three strings, so to speak. So, lists are mutable, meaning you are allowed to change its contents, and a lot of times it's very useful to combine the list data structure with a for loop. You can try to display or access part of your list by using a different indexing mechanism. An append method is often used also for us to add new elements to the list. You can also use insert if you want the new element to be in a certain position, and sort function is often used to sort a list. Now, if you have a list within a list, and that creates a multi-dimensional list, and you can have two-dimensional list, you have three dimensions, four dimensions, etc. All right, the other useful data structure is dictionary. So, basically, it's a key-value pair enclosed by a pair of curly braces. So, you can create a dictionary like this, D equal to 1, equal to 1, 2, colon 2, 3, colon 3. So, we have three pairs, and each pair has a key, like this one, and a value after the colon. So, 1 is the key, digit 1 is the value, 2 is the key, digit 2 is the value. And so, if you display D, and you simply display this. And if you use a type D, it's going to inform you this D is a dictionary data structure. All right, to retrieve a specific value in a specific key-value pair in a dictionary, simply specify the key, and the value will be returned. If you would like to know all the keys in the dictionary, you use the dictionary variable dot keys, the function. If you want to see all the values, it's D dot values. And keep in mind, dictionaries, the keys are all distinct. So, the D keys here will return distinct values, but you can have the same values more than twice, or more than once in a dictionary. So, D dot values sometimes will return duplicate values. All right, the length function also applies on a dictionary, it will return how many pairs in a dictionary. If you want to add a new pair, just supply a new key and its associated value. If you want to delete a key-value pair, simply use the del, or delete, and the D key. A lot of times we need to use others' predefined APIs, and we're going to do this through imports. So, basically, for instance, if you have a package like pandas being installed, we're going to see this very soon. Install your program in your system, the pip install pandas, and after installation, you'll be able to import the pandas, and there's an alias pd, and you can use pd everywhere in your program. I'm going to see this a lot in our demonstration soon. And sometimes you need to import specific modules within a package. In that case, we'll use the from, pandas, import, import, series, and dataframe. So, basically, here it says import the series and dataframe, two modules, from the pandas package. Okay? All right. In addition to the Python default data structures like a list, a dictionary, especially a list, sometimes we'll use NumPy arrays to solve certain problems. And this is useful and flexible, but lists can contain different data types. And NumPy will only allow you to have the same data type within the same NumPy array. And also, NumPy array has some sort of optimization performed in the data structures and computation. So, in many mathematical computations or numerical computations in Python, we're going to use NumPy as the data structure. This is a very simple example. We're given a list of four values and use np.array, import NumPy first, of course. And then this will convert this list into a NumPy array, create a new NumPy array variable, so to speak. Okay? All right. So, we have shown you most of the essential features we are going to use in this class. And if you check our live demo or our Python Jupyter demo examples, all these will have a real demonstration with real data, so to speak. If you have any questions, please contact us. Thank you, and I'll see you in another video.